From: hudson@athena.cs.uga.edu (Paul Hudson Jr)
Subject: Re:  Warning to New York City
Organization: University of Georgia, Athens
Lines: 65

In article <Apr.9.01.10.38.1993.16892@athos.rutgers.edu> evensont@spot.Colorado.EDU (EVENSON THOMAS RANDALL) writes:

>Which brings me around to asking an open question.  Is the  a closed
>book of ?  Is it okay for us to go around saying " told
>me this" and " told me that"?  Wouldn't that imply that  is STILL
>pouring out new revelation to us?  I know that some people will feel
>that is okay, and some will not.  The concept of a closed canon would
>certainly cast a shadow on contemporary prophets.  On the other hand,
>an open canon seems to be indicated sometimes.

There are a lot of people running around saying "  told me this" and 
"  told me that" these days.  Some people really have heard  , and others
heard their glands.  Mario Murrillo mentioned this in a sermon once.  He
said someone told him, "The  gave me a song."  He said that it was
the worst song he had ever heard.

"I know why he gave you that song," Murillo said, "He didn't want it anymore."

But   does still speak to His people today, and the idea is contrary to the
idea of a closed cannon.  Ireneaus wrote about all the gifts of the 
in the  of His day (2nd and 3rd century) and he was one of the first
to put forth a New  cannon, which was almost identical to the one
we have today.  He believed in a closed cannon.  

Many    which were not recorded in the Scriptures.
For example, one  in Kings, whose name starts with an "M" who
 that the king would lose a battle.  That is the only 
he gave recorded in , and we no that he had given other 
because the king complained before he heard the prophecy, "He never prophesies
anything good about me."  Yet only one little paragraph of all of his 
lifetime of  are recorded in .  There are numerous examples.
Barnabas was a , Acts says, before he was even sent out as an 
apostle.  Yet his writings are not recorded in .  Only two of
Agabus  are mentioned in .  He was already a 
before he gave them.  

So  may be genuine and from  , but that does not make it 
.  

>Also interesting to note is that some so called  are nothing new
>but rather an inspired translation of .  Is it right to call
>that ?  Misleading?  Wouldn't that be more having to do with
>knowledge?

I don't know about translations of Scripture, but I am familiar with 
 that give applications for Scripture.  There are also 
similar examples in the Bible.  Several times Peter interprets 
in a seemingly prophetic way, for example, "And his bishoprick let another
take" concerning Judas office.

A clearer example can be found in Matthew 24.   is prophesying about
what will happen before His return and He quotes a passage out of Joel
about the sun being darkened and the moon turning to blood.  So Scriptural
 can be used in later .  

Sometimes this sort of thing can cross over into being a word of knowledge,
but gifts of the Spirit seem to overlap.  Words of knowledge and wisdom
can overlap.  The word of knowledge and  can overlap.  
Interpretation of tounges is very similar to .  Healings are often
considered miracles.  So sometimes the distinction between gifts is a 
bit hazy.  Imho, it doesn't usually matter that much if we are able to
label a phenomenon, as long as we recognize them as the work of the 
, and use them according to His leading.

Link Hudson.
